README.md, before:

# RapidReact

Titan Robotics' codebase for the 2022 FRC RapidReact competition.

## Development

1. Ensure you have your [development environment](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aIU0DHuo5cpUBqaEfo6aFolHQICQZpcRSDaEHf0i_Rw/edit#heading=h.q5ppjllstyg5) setup
2. Clone this repository into your desired directory:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/frc5587/RapidReact.git
```

### CI/CD

#### New Features
If you're working on a new feature, please aim to use the following guidelines as much as possible:

1. Create a branch named `[firstNameInitial][lastNameInitial]/[feature]` (Ex. `cs/shooter` is for Charlie Sokolove working on the `shooter` subsystem. This is where you will write the code for the specific feature.
2. Now, create an issue for the feature, and [label](https://github.com/frc5587/RapidReact/labels) it accordingly
3. When you're ready to Pull Request (PR) to `development`, create a PR and [label](https://github.com/frc5587/RapidReact/labels) it accordingly. Also, link to the issue for the corresponding feature in the `Linked Issue` field. Lastly, request a person to review your code.

#### Bug Fixes
If you've found a bug, please aim to use the following guidelines as much as possible:

*If you've found a bug, but haven't discovered a fix yet*
1. Create an issue, and in the comment field, describe the issue as much as possible.
2. Don't assign anyone to the issue, then label it as a ["Bug"](https://github.com/frc5587/RapidReact/labels/Bug)

*If you've found a bug, and can fix it*
1. Create a PR for the desired branch and, if applicable, link to the issue for the bug in the `Linked Issue` field.
2. Label it as a ["Bug Fix"](https://github.com/frc5587/RapidReact/labels/Bug%20Fix). Then, request a person to review your code.

### Project Roadmap
You can view the 2022 Build Season roadmap [here](https://github.com/frc5587/RapidReact/projects/1)

Commit message:

Ensure git submodule is latest v. of master

README.md, after:

# RapidReact

Titan Robotics' codebase for the 2022 FRC RapidReact competition.

## Development

1. Ensure you have your [development environment](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aIU0DHuo5cpUBqaEfo6aFolHQICQZpcRSDaEHf0i_Rw/edit#heading=h.q5ppjllstyg5) setup
2. Clone this repository into your desired directory:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/frc5587/RapidReact.git
```
3. Run the following commands from a terminal in the root project directory:
```bash
git submodule init
git submodule update --remote
```
(Ensure you are on the `master` branch of `lib` (Java-Libs))

### CI/CD

#### New Features
If you're working on a new feature, please aim to use the following guidelines as much as possible:

1. Create a branch named `[firstNameInitial][lastNameInitial]/[feature]` (Ex. `cs/shooter` is for Charlie Sokolove working on the `shooter` subsystem. This is where you will write the code for the specific feature.
2. Now, create an issue for the feature, and [label](https://github.com/frc5587/RapidReact/labels) it accordingly
3. When you're ready to Pull Request (PR) to `development`, create a PR and [label](https://github.com/frc5587/RapidReact/labels) it accordingly. Also, link to the issue for the corresponding feature in the `Linked Issue` field. Lastly, request a person to review your code.

#### Bug Fixes
If you've found a bug, please aim to use the following guidelines as much as possible:

*If you've found a bug, but haven't discovered a fix yet*
1. Create an issue, and in the comment field, describe the issue as much as possible.
2. Don't assign anyone to the issue, then label it as a ["Bug"](https://github.com/frc5587/RapidReact/labels/Bug)

*If you've found a bug, and can fix it*
1. Create a PR for the desired branch and, if applicable, link to the issue for the bug in the `Linked Issue` field.
2. Label it as a ["Bug Fix"](https://github.com/frc5587/RapidReact/labels/Bug%20Fix). Then, request a person to review your code.

### Project Roadmap
You can view the 2022 Build Season roadmap [here](https://github.com/frc5587/RapidReact/projects/1)
